Welcome to a new informative video.
Friends, today in this video we are going to
discuss a very important topic
which is health policy. In today's date, whether
you buy any financial product
or not, but you must buy a health policy.
In this video you will come to know
that the cheapest, the cheapest and the
best health policy is being offered to you by ICC
Lombard, which is for its IC Bank
savings account holders.
In this video we will discuss the entire
policy and understand how much
is the premium and what are the benefits.
First of all friends, if you are new to our channel
then do like and subscribe because
I keep bringing all the updates related to banking, finance and jobs on my channel.
So let's start the video.
Friends, both IC Bank and IC
Lombard are group companies. So IC
Lombard deals in health policy and general policy.
IC Bank
is a bank in the banking sector, as you already know. So
what is there in today's date, if you
look at the total overall of Lombard,
Lombard has issued 2.17 crore policies till now
and  1.6 million claims have been settled
till now and they have 13000 plus networking
in their hospitals and 9500
health care providers
in their Sara group. They are a very big health
insurance company. If seen today, the
market share of Lord is the
best market share because the
maximum number of policies are sold by Lord as of today
because Lord has the
highest claim settlement ratio and if
seen along with this, if seen in Lord, then the
app based settlement in Lord is a very good
settlement. There is an app of Lombard
in it, you can file a claim yourself,
if you have not taken cashless benefit then
you can raise the claim and your
claim money comes to your account in two to three days,
so this is a very such
facility which you get in Lombard
which is not available in any other health insurance company
and
wherever you take a health policy today, take it with understanding
because when you are unwell or
sometimes  If you face any problem then at that time the
person does not understand anything that brother,
somehow you get admitted in the hospital and you get
well, then you should associate with such a company
which helps you and your claim gets settled properly and
you and your family do not face
much trouble. So now let me talk about the
policy that ICC Bank and iLo Board have brought together,
what are the benefits in that policy and in which age group
you can take it and
we will discuss everything in it regarding the premium.
So friends, I have downloaded a PDF,
in this PDF all the
details related to the policy are written, so let
us see one by one what is in this policy.
First of all, the name of this policy is
Health Cell 360, which is a health insurance
exclusively designed for ICC customers,
who are iBank savings account customers. There is
one more thing in it for them that if you do
not have an iBank account, then you
can open an account and take this policy.
If you are registered,
you can book this policy. This is a
very cheap policy. You can get a cheaper policy than this.  You will
not get it if you do not
take the policy, you must visit any branch and find out the premium of this policy,
you can talk to the RM because this
policy will be available through the branch, this policy
is not available online, so
you can get in touch with some employee and find out
what is the rate of the policy according to your
age, they will tell you the
premium of the entire policy and this policy
gives you a sum of Rs. 25 lakh to Rs. 2 crore,
such a sum is
not available anywhere else and the premium is very small,
so look at it,
first of all let's talk about the age limit, the age
limit has been kept between 21 years to 60 years,
after this see what is pre-existing
disease, if you have an accident in it, then from the
first day on which
your premium is debited, the accident cover is done
from that day itself, after this if you already have
any disease then after 30 days that
also gets covered for you, after 30 days
this is your looping period for 30 days,
everything of yours is covered within this  If any problem occurs
then you will not be covered, after 30 days
everything will be covered for you,
you also get no co-payment facility in this, there is
no room rent capping, which means that there is no room
capping in this, you can
go to any hospital and get admitted there, there is no
policy there because in every policy a
room is given in slab, whether it is
two sharing or
three sharing, then the
premium of the policy is made according to it and
in all the insurance companies, but the
biggest benefit here is that you can
go to any hospital and
take any room there because then you will
not face any problem there because sometimes it happens
that somewhere a room is vacant, a one room set
is vacant, there a double one is vacant or a
single one is vacant, then you will get any vacant room inside it,
easily
you never need to worry there,
exclusive class, if your room is vacant,
deluxe room is vacant then you will get that too, so
you will
not face any problem in this, after that
see pre and post  Cover is also available under this,
meaning 60 days before and 90 days
after, meaning that if there is any disease, then
first the person shows up in the OPD, then
testing is done, then the doctor suppresses it, then it does
not get cured, then the doctor says
that brother, you will have to undergo an operation or you will have to be
admitted, so whatever you have been
spending in this for the last 60 days, the
bank will give you all that money
in the form of a claim, you will have to raise a pre-post claim
request, after this
see, post 90 days means that if you are
admitted in the hospital, then
you are getting discharged from there, after discharge you
get a complete summary and the doctor says that
you have to take this medicine for two months or three months, then
you get a claim for that medicine also,
meaning you do not need to spend even ₹1 from your packet,
if you take this policy, then
see, you get day care facility, during the
Covid time you must have seen that there was a
lot of concern about day cares, it was
not there in any policy, but
in Labad's policy, day care is there.  There was a facility
that many people
took the benefit of. Today, you can avail day care
because it can be used at any time. So, there is a
day care facility in it. There
is an option of reset benefits in it. Meaning, suppose
you have taken
this policy for your entire family, there are five people in your family,
and if one person uses Rs.
25 lakh out of this policy
for any disease, then the
next four people can also use this policy.
This policy gets reset.
Particularly, it will not be used for that disease,
but
your family members can use this policy for other diseases. So, this is a
very best benefit for you.
This is seen in very few insurance companies. If you
want, you can get your
assisted
treatment. Within this,
you will get donor acceptance after this. There is
also air ambulance cover in it. If
you see, there is road ambulance cover in it. You
also get no claim bonus in it so that
if you do not make any claim.  So
you will get a discount of 10% on your premium
from next year. Health check
facility, this facility is the best facility
which I personally feel that if
you have taken a policy and the
premium is coming for 15-2 Haj and if there are four members in the family, then if
you go for a health checkup today, then the
package comes for Rs. 2500, 4000, 55000.
If you go for a health checkup in the policy, if there are
four members in the family, even if it
costs Rs. 55000, then Rs. 20000 of yours is deducted from here only.
Even for a
health checkup once a year, they will give you the benefit of the entire premium that you are paying there.
You get a health checkup once a year free of cost. In
this policy, along with this,
you have the benefit of ATD,
you can also avail tax benefit from there,
so you get this benefit also
in the health policy.  You
get benefits usually, after that if you see then there are
many more benefits, there is SI protector, there is
wellness program in this,
now let's talk about the premium related to it, the
premium is very cheap,
if you already have a health policy
then you must check whether you are taking this
policy from any other bank or from any other
insurance company,
you must check your policy to see
how much is its premium and
what is your sum assured, if you see in it then the sum
assured starts from 25 lakhs, there is also 25 lakhs, 50 lakhs, 75 lakhs,
1 crore, 2 crores but it is
not available in this chart, so if you
visit the branch and talk to someone then
you can get the latest information from there,
inside that you can talk about
what is the premium for 2 crores, by
relating it online you will be told
that the premium is coming to this much, if
we assume that for a sum assured of 1 crore, a
sum assured of 1 crore is very much for the
whole family  Because as of today, if we
look at Hotel X, then hospital expenses have
increased so much that it is
no longer possible to afford a small one. Even if you
go for a small treatment, the
bill becomes worth lakhs of rupees. So, you
can see that it is better if you take a higher value in this.
So let me
tell you, if your age is between 21 to 25 years
and if you take an individual policy of
₹ 2500000, then you will have to pay a
premium of ₹ 8546.
This premium of ₹ 8546 is also very low. If
we talk about if you are married and have two children,
husband and wife, then
look here, if we consider the age of 36 to 40 years,
which is the maximum age
limit as of today, if we look at the age of 36 to 40 years in the market for
two adults and two children, then
your
premium comes to only 2671, which is very low.
20000 for your family, which I
told you as an example, you will get this much
money in health checkup, you
can easily avail its benefit in AD,
so you can easily get the entire amount that is being given to you in this, the
entire
amount is the original policy, you do
not need to pay anything in this, after this see the
health checkup, I had told you that there is a free
complimentary health checkup facility,
in this you can see that you get all the
tests done in this and there is a
very good benefit in Lombard, you have a toll
free number along with it, you have your iil
app, it is a very better app, you can check it by running the app, you can
settle all the claims from there, there is
no waiting area in customer care, so whenever you call,
your call gets connected easily, there
is a good facility for the customer, if you do
not want, you can also take a policy of 25 lakhs for
your family members, 25 lakhs is also a lot
for a small family if you are
husband and wife and 35  If your age bracket is between 31 to 35 years, then
you can take it with one adult and one or two adults.
See, for Rs 8400 98, you both husband and wife will be
covered, so this is a very good facility,
I have never seen a cheaper policy than this, so
you can think about this policy. Even if
you have taken a health policy from
somewhere, then you
can definitely think about this health policy.
If you do not have an account in ICICI Bank, then
you can open another account and take the policy
and you
can avail all the facilities because in today's date,
whatever may be the case, it is very important to have a health policy.
Friends, I hope this video is
not too much informational, so definitely take a health policy and
definitely refer this Health 360 policy of ICC to them.
So friends, thank you for being in the video. Very much, please
like and subscribe.
Thank you.